[ISHIKAWA grunting]
Where did it go?
I'm sorry
for the trouble, Ishikawa.
Nothing to be sorry for.
You're sure it dropped
over here?
[YANAGI]
Yes.
Maybe if I'm careful,
I can help you look.
[ISHIKAWA]
Or maybe not!
Stay there,
where it's safe, buddy!
Broke the glasses
you just bought,
only to drop
your contact lens, too.
You should add more blueberries
to your diet.
True.
You know you're free to stop
your search whenever, right?
I won't be offended.
[SENGOKU]
He's kneeling?!
But why is he kneeling?
Yanagi, what'd you do
to make Ishikawa bow down?
Hmm.
[SENGOKU] More importantly,
it's past time to leave.
So I'll tell them to go home.
Then nonchalantly ask
what's going on.
Hmm
[yelps]
Let's go!
Wow, you actually found it!
[ISHIKAWA]
Now keep an eye on that thing.
And was someone else here,
or am I going crazy?
Well, I thought I saw someone,
but I couldn't really tell.
-Guess they had somewhere to be.
-Dude.
That's kinda creepy.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[door opens]
-[SENGOKU panting]
-[door closes]
[KONO] Did you, uh, make sure
everything's locked up tight?
[SENGOKU]
I'm sorry, Dad.
I couldn't make the first move
against Yanagi.
[KONO]
Sengoku?
[sighs]
What was the point
of that elective?
Yanagi was absent
the whole time.
-He missed class?
-[sighs] Yeah.
My precious once-a-day chance
with him
went right out the window.
Chance for you to do what?
You know, he skips
his morning classes
on a pretty regular basis.
He bad at waking up?
Possibly.
Oh.
[MIYAMURA]
Bye, Akane!
-See you tomorrow!
-[gasps]
[YANAGI]
Goodbye!
Act fast!
Don't let your "precious chance"
pass you by!
Huh?
-[shivering]
-You okay?
-No, not really.
-Why?
[HORI] Because you called Yanagi
by his first name!
[MIYAMURA gasps]
[MIYAMURA]
I- I'm sorry!
[HORI] Talking like you're close
as can be.
Lemme stop you right there!
Just because I call him
by his first name
doesn't mean anything,
so don't read into it!
But I wanna be allowed
to call him
by his first name, too!
[MIYAMURA]
That's what's wrong?
What are the odds of him
getting upset
if I told him
I'd like to call him Akane?
I would guess slim to none.
You honestly think so?
Like, without a doubt?
[grunts]
My little weirdo.
[HORI] Don't start with that
if you aren't gonna finish.
[AYASAKI] Hey, guys.
Have you seen Yanagin?
-[MIYAMURA] You just missed him.
-Aww.
Remi has a whole bag
of yummy cookies for him.
Hmm.
[AYASAKI]
Kyon-kyon will eat them!
No thank you, I'm super full.
That's a double shame.
-Sakura bakes the best cookies!
-Huh?
Wait, Kono made those?
-What's it to you?
-[MIYAMURA chuckles]
-Like, everything!
-But you're full.
[FEMALE STUDENT 208A]
It's such awful timing.
[FEMALE STUDENT 208B]
Totally.
The one day the bus is super,
super late,
I'm in a super,
super hurry to get home.
[FEMALE STUDENT 208A]
The universe must super hate us.
Something up, Miyamura?
The bus is running super, super,
super, super, super late
-for some reason.
-That's a lot of supers.
I'm pretty sure Akane takes
the bus to school.
And it's really windy today.
[wind howling]
[YANAGI exhales]
[YANAGI]
Where's the bus?
So cold.
[AYASAKI] You out here
by yourself, handsome?
Huh?
Uh, were you talking to me?
[wind howls]
[YANAGI]
Ayasaki?
Nope, Remi isn't here right now.
[YANAGI]
What are you doing?
Tryin' to hit.
[YANAGI]
Trying what?
The longer I look at you,
the cuter you seem to get.
If you got time,
why not waste it on me?
[YANAGI]
Should I?
I don't think I know this game.
[HORI]
Stop dishing your cheese
when he clearly isn't eating it.
You aren't wanted here,
so take a hike.
-[YANAGI] Hori?
-No.
I'm just somebody
passing through.
We've never met before, okay?
So the hottie's not up
for grabs?
This world ain't fair,
I tell ya.
I'm outta here!
[HORI]
Less talky, more walky, Shades.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were finished.
[HORI] No, I was--
It's your turn, isn't it?
-[BOTH]
-Uh...
We forgot the next line,
so we're skippin' it, hot stuff.
[YANAGI]
By all means.
[AYASAKI]
Oh yeah, that's it.
Hear the news?
Bus is gonna be 15 minutes late.
Wait. Are you being serious?
Always am, babe.
-And, man, is it nippy.
-Hmm?
[YANAGI]
They came to let me know.
I can wait fifteen minutes.
I won't freeze by then.
Thanks, random person.
-[MIYAMURA] I got 'em!
-[ALL] Huh?
[MIYAMURA]
Good things to those who wait.
[HORI]
Emphasis on "wait."
You want a cup
of cocoa, Yanagin?
[YANAGI]
What?
[HORI]
Here.
♪
[HORI]
What-- No variety?
[MIYAMURA]
I figured we wouldn't fight
-if they were all the same.
-[YANAGI exhales]
[AYASAKI]
Hey, where's Remi's drink?
A-Ya-A-Yanagi, look!
We also brought some cookies!
[YANAGI]
That's uh-ya-uh, kind of you.
[HORI]
They're guaranteed to be good.
Kono baked them!
How sweet.
But, um, why do this?
Waiting in the cold
all alone is just the worst.
Now you don't have to.
We aren't bothering you, right?
Like, just say the word
and we can go.
[YANAGI]
No, please don't leave!
-[cell phone rings]
-[YANAGI] Huh?
You've got mail?
From my Dad.
He was excited about getting
home from work early today.
He wants to go somewhere special
for dinner to celebrate.
[exhales]
-[AYASAKI] Yanagin, guess what!
-Huh?
This was all Miyamura's plan!
He told us to stall you
while he got us some nice,
warm drinks!
I'm curious
where you got the shades
for this masterful plan
I cooked up.
From the student council room.
So whose are they?
[gasps] I'm sorry!
I just ate five cookies in a row
without thinking!
[HORI]
I really should've worn my coat.
[AYASAKI]
Me, too.
[MIYAMURA] Life in a skirt
sounds way colder.
[HORI]
Wear one and see for yourself.
[MIYAMURA]
Pass!
[chuckles]
Hori, may I please
have a cookie?
[HORI]
Of course!
[YANAGI]
Much obliged.
[FEMALE TEACHER 208A] I've been
informed certain students
have been skipping
elective classes,
because they're frequently used
as study halls.
An utter and tragic waste.
This vital time
in your education
should be spent wisely.
-[thuds]
-Therefore,
I won't permit tardiness
from class three-six!
All students are to be
on time next week!
Are we clear?
[STUDENTS]
Yes.
♪
Sengoku's texts are weird.
Sometimes
I find myself wondering,
"Did he really send this?"
[MIYAMURA, ISHIKAWA]
Yeah, I get that.
What are you saying?
I send perfectly normal texts!
[HORI]
Maybe at first.
[ISHIKAWA]
They do start off normal enough.
Gotta maintain some sense
of shame when you text.
[SENGOKU] Don't reveal those
to the public.
[ISHIKAWA]
You aren't the only one.
Miyamura's texts occasionally
sound like a girl typed them.
[MIYAMURA]
That's news to me.
-[thuds]
-Back me up here, Yana-- Oh.
[smoke sizzling]
Holy crap.
Uh, dude, was that the sound
of your head
-colliding with the desk?
-[YANAGI] Huh?
[YANAGI]
What makes you think that?
Why on earth would I hit my head
on the desk?
[ISHIKAWA]
Those are some bleary eyes.
[SENGOKU]
Yanagi, are you tired?
A rough night's sleep?
-Anxious thoughts?
-[YANAGI] Well,
actually, since you asked...
You can't be late for a week?
A campaign to end all tardiness.
Makes it sound
like a heroic journey.
I don't see how.
I have trouble waking up.
And stressing about this rule
makes it hard to sleep.
If I'm tardy even once,
they'll display my name
and photo for the entire school.
[ALL]
Whoa. That's harsh.
[SENGOKU]
Yanagi is tardy quite a bit.
Go to bed early.
Well, I tried that,
but woke up at odd hours,
so I still felt tired.
Yeah, it's a vicious cycle.
We just have
two more days left, though!
-I'll tough it out!
-Cool.
As long as your alarm's set,
you'll be golden.
[YANAGI]
That's right!
Even set a backup alarm
in case the first one
didn't cut it.
Oh.
I guess I should say
I was setting a backup.
It stopped yesterday
and I barely made it in time.
[ISHIKAWA]
Dead battery?
I wish.
I found it broken on the floor
next to my bed.
-Like, beyond repair.
-[ISHIKAWA] Okay?
[YANAGI] I don't think
I remember moving it at all.
But it was just lying there
when I got home from school.
[gasps]
[YANAGI]
My bed was a mess as well.
But my parents said
they hadn't gone near my room.
I don't know what's going on,
but it's strange
and, well, scary.
Uh-huh.
[YANAGI]
Oh, but I digress.
None of you care about that.
Yes, we do. Go on.
That does sound scary.
I know you aren't hurt,
but shouldn't you
be more concerned?
Carry some salt with you
everywhere you go!
Wait, why salt?
So when you can't wake up,
is it due to sleep paralysis,
or what?
[ISHIKAWA gasps]
[laughs]
I just oversleep out of habit.
[ALL]
Oh.
And your sleepy self is
down an alarm clock.
Will one be enough
to do the job?
[YANAGI]
Hmm.
What if I gave you
a wake-up call?
[YANAGI]
Huh?
[ISHIKAWA]
Yeah! Good idea!
[MIYAMURA] You should
still set your alarm clock,
to be on the safe side.
But I'll ring your cell
tomorrow morning
and make sure
that you get out of bed.
[YANAGI]
Uh.
And you send him a text.
Do it for the lulz.
[SENGOKU]
I'd rather call like Miyamura
if you're just gonna tease me
about the text!
But Yanagi needs your text,
prez.
Calls work, too.
The thought of you all
calling that early
when I don't do mornings--
You have full permission
to hang up without talking.
Waking you up is what matters.
I apologize in advance!
[SENGOKU]
What should a wake-up text say?
[YANAGI] All right.
I can't let them down.
[birds chirping]
[alarm clock ringing]
[thuds]
[groans]
[YANAGI]
What?
It's morning?
No way.
It's only 1:30.
That's night.
I'm going back to sleep.
[cell phone rings]
[exhales]
[MIYAMURA]
Hey, Akane?
This is your wake-up call!
-No, it's not.
-[MIYAMURA] What?
[hangs off]
[YANAGI]
So tired.
[cell phone rings]
[ISHIKAWA]
Hey, you answered!
Good morning!
-Better get up, or else y--
-[hangs off]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[ISHIKAWA]
Eighteen-year-old Akane Yanagi
is profoundly bad
at getting out of bed.
[cell phone rings]
[YANAGI]
Oh. A text.
Hey, I woke up in time!
I really owe you one!
I'm happy for ya,
but the way you hung up
without a word definitely stung.
I-I am so sorry!
I don't even remember,
since I was half-asleep!
Ah. There you are.
[chuckles]
Thank you for the text!
I laughed until my sides hurt!
-[SENGOKU] You laughed?
-Then I was up and at 'em!
A good, hearty laugh
did the trick!
So round two's a go
for tomorrow?
[YANAGI]
No, but thank you.
I should learn
to be more independent, I think.
Plus, I heard my alarm go off
before anything.
All right.
But if you change your mind,
just gimme a shout.
I will!
[ISHIKAWA]
Little did Yanagi know
how much he'd regret
this decision.
For his remaining alarm clock,
would also fall silent.
[tapping on glass]
[SENGOKU] Can't choose
between oolong and green tea?
Hey, Yanagi.
-[gasp]
-[electronic dings, thuds]
[SENGOKU]
Sorry.
No, it's fine!
I simply needed a drink.
As long as it quenches
my thirst, it'll do!
And this one happens to be
brand-new, I believe.
[SENGOKU] I've noticed you're
relaxed with your classmates
and Yoshikawa,
yet act so courteous
with the rest of us.
I suppose it's something
of a habit.
I'm a bit more casual
when I speak
with people I'm close to.
The same goes for people
I want to be closer to.
[gasps]
-[SENGOKU groaning]
-[YANAGI yelping]
I worded that horribly,
so please don't misinterpret
what I said!
It's not that I don't want
to be friends with you,
or anyone else
I'm more well-mannered around!
[groaning]
[YANAGI]
The damage is done!
Huh?
[gasps]
[ISHIKAWA]
That's some aura!
Wonder why mister doom-and-gloom
is so down in the dumps.
What's the matter?
Well? I'm all ears, pal!
Gimme them details!
Go on and
get it off of that chest!
Then shake 'til you feel better!
[SENGOKU]
Up yours.
-[gasps]
-[ISHIKAWA] Sengoku!
Okay, that's on Shu
for being a pest.
I'm a lovable goofball!
Did you and your girl
have an argument?
[SENGOKU]
Rejection.
[ISHIKAWA] Shu!
He says Ayasaki's single now!
-[gasps]
-No, I did not!
We're still dating!
[ISHIKAWA]
So Yanagi rejected you.
And here I thought
you were tight.
He said he's polite with me
because he has zero intentions
of getting any closer.
That's why he's polite?
Oh.
[ISHIKAWA] You want half
of this chocolate danish thing?
[YANAGI]
Sure. How kind.
[ISHIKAWA]
I can't finish it on my own.
[YANAGI]
So it's a danish?
[ISHIKAWA]
A really sweet danish.
All that chocolate gave me
heartburn.
-You like it?
-Uh-huh.
It's yummy.
Oh. Cool deal.
Just, um, pace yourself, 'kay?
Roger.
[scoffs]
[SENGOKU] Stop smirking
like you beat me at something.
[IURA]
And you stop acting
like you're the only one
that he's overly formal with.
What Shu said. It's no biggie.
[SENGOKU]
I know, but still.
[ISHIKAWA]
The prez, Ayasaki.
Everyone and their grandmother
likes Yanagi.
Okay, I won't let it bother me.
I'll treat him the same way
that I always have.
[sighs]
Stuck in the friend zone.
You know what it means to be
"out" of the friend zone, right?
♪
Huh?
[sighs]
-Uh, Sengoku.
-[gasps]
[thuds]
[YANAGI]
S-sorry.
-Please forgive me!
-[SENGOKU chuckles]
I assure you it's okay.
As long as it quenches
my thirst.
[BOTH gasp]
[YANAGI]
I don't think it did.
You know,
if it tastes too strong,
I wouldn't mind drinking
it in your stead, so--
I'll snag you another drink
real quick-like.
-It'll def taste better!
-Thank you.
-But only if you really want to.
-[YANAGI] Totes!
Uh...
[electronic dings, thuds]
Here you- I mean, trade ya.
Cool deal?
Uh, yeah. That's great.
Lots of kids in my class
don't like this juice.
I've heard its flavor can
be best described as "sucky."
[SENGOKU] Is he trying
to be more casual with me?
[SENGOKU]
Hey, listen.
Talk to me however you prefer.
Don't force yourself
to use slang and stuff.
But, I um--
Right! Yes! Ten-Four!
All right.
Glad you understand.
[ISHIKAWA]
Sengoku's creepin' me out.
Oh! How come?
Because of that big, dopey grin?
Holy cow! That is really creepy!
[slaps]
The creep slapped me!
[ISHIKAWA] Sengoku's
a pretty straightforward guy.
He probably made up with Yanagi.
Yay! Yanagin's here!
Where is he heading to, though?
I'm returning to the classroom.
Remi won't let you
take another step
until you talk more casually!
-[laughs]
-Aw! Don't laugh me off!
[YANAGI]
If only Sengoku were as blunt
as Ayasaki when he spoke.
Yay! Yanagin's here!
Where's he headed to, though?
You're stuffier
than a box of tissues!
We're friends, aren't we?
Talk casually!
[YANAGI]
No.
That would just be an imposter!
You look like you're gonna cry.
What's wrong, huh?
[school bell ringing]
-I kid you not.
-[BOTH laughing]
Right. You ready for this, Iura?
Yea-yuh! Don't hold back!
'Cause I sure won't!
-[ISHIKAWA] Huh?
-[YANAGI] Here I go!
-[hits]
-[IURA groans]
The heck is this game?
He said he could catch a blade
with his hands.
Since I thought
it was a bold claim,
I asked for a demonstration.
Which he then failed.
Man! I so would've caught it
if it had been a katana!
You would make a murderer
of our sweet Yanagi?
[laughs]
Tell Shu how nuts he is.
I wonder.
Suppose I took a page
out of Iura's book,
and said I could catch
a blade with my hands.
would Yanagi have asked me
to demonstrate my skills, too?
Um, hard to say.
The people he's drawn to.
[IURA, [YOSHIKAWA]]
Ah-ha-ha! Ah-ha-ha!
[SENGOKU]
They tend to possess
rather cheerful demeanors,
don't they?
[ISHIKAWA] You mean
airheads like Yoshikawa?
[SENGOKU]
If air--
Cheerful people are easier
for him
to get along with,
I don't stand a chance.
Just embrace
your inner airheadedness.
When I saw Yoshikawa
the other day,
And he's not even
listening to me.
[SENGOKU]
Oh. Where's she going?
-[thuds]
-[YOSHIKAWA groans]
Oh, I'm so sorry!
She mistook the wall
for a person and apologized?
Well, I've done that.
Oh, but wait, there's more.
[gasps]
[grunting]
[SENGOKU]
Yes.
She glared daggers
at the wall she bumped into.
I will never be anything
like Yoshikawa.
[ISHIKAWA]
Me either.
-Hi-yah!
-Okay!
[IURA]
But how?
Shu might be the type of person
to imitate
if you wanna act friendlier,
dude.
[gasps]
Imitate Iura?
I'd compromise far too much,
so no.
[ISHIKAWA]
Better him than the girl
who glares at walls.
I'll show you how it's done,
okay?
Hang tight and watch.
Watching?!
-[ISHIKAWA] Yanagi!
-That's me.
Tickle torture!
Akane's ticklish
on the soles of his feet, too!
Your turn.
No way!
Nope! Nuh-uh!
Not a chance! Never!
-[ISHIKAWA] Idiot!
-[gasps]
That kind of talk
won't get you anywhere!
You're better friends
than you used to be.
Now get over there
and tickle that man!
All right!
I have to practice
before the real thing, though!
You're seriously practicing
for a tickle fight right now?
[SENGOKU]
There.
[yelps] I feel violated
from how sensual that was!
-Huh?
-Yo.
That took me
by complete surprise!
Keep it rated G!
I don't know what I did.
Or why you're angry with me.
What you did
is called "a grope."
[SENGOKU]
Thank goodness I practiced.
Yanagi would've hated that.
So you're groping people now?
[SENGOKU] Why do you pop in
at the worst possible times?
Doing a bit of roleplay, are we?
And Sengoku's playing
the handsy pervert.
Hey, now!
[MIYAMURA]
What part are you playing, then?
Yanagi.
Throw in a setting
while you're at it!
How about a train or something?
If the scene's Akane
getting felt up on a train,
who should I be?
[sighs]
Since it's a role you know
inside and out,
just be an airhead.
He really called somebody
an airhead just now!
[MIYAMURA] Is the class
president bullying me?
No. Calm down.
He's just frustrated.
Wants to bridge a gap
between a friend,
but is missing parts.
What gap?
We're all peas in a pod.
But he's unsatisfied?
Am I the only one who thinks
we're friends?
[SENGOKU] This isn't about you,
and your life's not in danger,
so cut it out!
[IURA]
Aw, come on.
Don't fight, guys.
[SENGOKU]
Really, people? Timing!
[MIYAMURA]
The prez is being mean to me!
[IURA]
You're bullying?
-Say it ain't so!
-[SENGOKU] You two need to hush!
I really can't see Sengoku
as a bully.
[gasps]
[YANAGI chuckles]
You take his side
like it's the one
with the cream.
Guess I never noticed.
Sengoku and Yanagi
sure are good friends.
[SENGOKU grunts]
Discretion, please?
Guess what?
Sengoku told me
he wants to be like Shu.
[YANAGI]
He did?
But why?
I like him just the way he is.
[gasps]
[IURA]
What a surprise!
To walk in Shu's shoes,
I suggest you start
with a new 'do--
[SENGOKU]
I didn't mean your looks!
First, you're a pervert,
and now you're Iura.
Talk about a busy day.
-Huh?
-[YANAGI, ISHIKAWA, IURA] Uh...
[SENGOKU yelps]
A "pervert?"
[SENGOKU]
No! He's confused!
Meet me in the student
council room later!
[MIYAMURA]
Me? Why? What did I do?
-[SENGOKU] Infuriated me!
-[MIYAMURA] Wait. Why's that?
You know, Miyamura and Sengoku
-sure have a great friendship.
-Uh-hmm.
[MIYAMURA]
Why's that?